---
layout: default
title: Work
---

## Deliveroo

During my three and a half years at Deliveroo, I worked on a wide range of challenges across several
different teams. Most of those revolved around improving the user experience for customers, riders,
restaurants and internal teams alike.

The first large project I worked on after joining, was creating the administration dashboard for
[Deliveroo for Business](https://deliveroo.co.uk/business). It allows corporate customers to manage
their account, from employee allowance groups to large group orders, including monthly billing.

Later, I spent a couple of years focusing on making the delivery network more resilient. My team and
I built a real-time monitoring system, which we designed to automatically detect anomalies across
all live orders on the network. We then implemented a set of actions that would trigger whenever an
issue occurred, to try and fix it, otherwise surfacing it up onto a dashboard for operation teams
to investigate further. This system was later integrated into the internal customer service tools.

In my final year at the company, I joined the Rider Payments team where we implemented a feature to
allow riders to get paid when they want and as quickly as possible. We also built the foundations
for a rewards system, to help the business incentivise and recognise riders for their loyalty.

## 3beards

When I joined the [3beards](https://3beards.github.io) in 2013, I knew I was in for something
different, but I certainly didn't expect the tremendous adventure it turned out to be. One I could
never forget in a lifetime.

3beards was many great things and one of them was our online platform, where the startup community
could get updates on our various events, find office space or even hire talent. During my time at
the company, I was in charge of building and maintaining our applications, as well as managing our
technical partnerships.

As a natural extension of our offline gatherings and events, we later built [Unicorn Hunt](https://
unicornhunt.io), which we launched in January 2015. A job board for startups and our answer to the
ever increasing need for talent. Unicorn Hunt was acquired by Tiny Capital in late 2017.

I spent [1000 days at 3beards](/my-1000-days-at-3beards) and they were all quite special.

## Top Left Design

Every career starts somewhere and mine did at [Top Left Design](https://topleftdesign.com), a web
design studio based in the heart of Soho in London, UK.

As an intern first and then as one of the very first in-house web developers, I worked alongside a
team of talented designers to create bespoke websites for a large variety of clients. 

There I learned about the WordPress content management system in great depth, and how to translate a
business need into an elegant and ergonomic solution. I also gained more experience in project
management and discovered new design concepts along the way.
